fix 404 (#444)
kuzzleio/sdk-javascript: doc/5/core-classes/kuzzle/query/index.md

## query

> ## `query` is a JSON object containing arguments specific to the query, such as a `body` property, a JWT hash, a document `_id`, or generic query options (such as `from` or `size` for [search queries](/core/1/api/controllers/collection/search))

Reviewer: Does not exist either.

Should probably be:

```suggestion
## `query` is a JSON object containing arguments specific to the query, such as a `body` property, a JWT hash, a document `_id`, or generic query options (such as `from` or `size` for [search queries](/sdk/js/5/core-classes/collection/search))
```

Author: Seems weird because I've done this change to fix a 404 on [this page](https://docs.kuzzle.io/sdk/js/5/core-classes/kuzzle/query/) on the "search queries" link but the [linked page](https://docs.kuzzle.io/core/1/api/controllers/document/search) exists and the `/core/1/api/controllers/document/search` link to 404.
Looks like the link was ending by `/` because it add the baseUrl of JS5 sdk and redirect on `sdk/js/5/core/1/api/controllers/document/search/` 
Can't remember why a change `document` to `collection`.

Reviewer: document.search does not exist in the javascript sdk 5
